Apple's patent victory against Samsung
lit a fire under stocks connected to
mobile computing in addition to apple
shares of Nokia research in motion and
Microsoft all rallied the verdict comes
as competition heats up in the mobile
device industry Google jumped into
hardware for the first time in July with
its Nexus 7 tablet and Microsoft is
expected to roll out its new touch
friendly windows 8 software in October
which will run on its own tablet called
the surface device as well as on its own
smartphone the Windows Phone could be
the dark horse to watch in the mobile
race according to Lance ulanov editor in
chief at Mashable we only thought that
2013 late-2012 could be Microsoft's time
for windows phone so now they've got a
little something extra in their pocket
they go you want something truly unique
that Apple isn't going to go after take
a good look at the windows phone despite
a tie-up with handset maker Nokia
Microsoft still has less than five
percent of the u.s. smartphone market
analysts say it is possible the Windows
Phone could catch on with consumers and
eventually quadruple its market share
Michael Walkley of Canaccord Genuity I
think the first step is to get to ten
percent if they can do that even Xing
2013 and if they were able to succeed
from there may be in a 2014-2015 they
could build towards twenty percent but
analysts are cautious saying the trick
for Microsoft is not so much the
software that goes into the phone but
the design consumers are funny they've
got to get excited about something they
have to feel the product is super useful
and super sexy the challenge for
Microsoft is to use this window of
opportunity to get consumers excited
about its smartphones especially as some
analysts expect Samsung to delay product
launches as the company tries to design
around apple's patents